[Music]
Harry Potter spends the summer with the
Dursleys without receiving letters from
his Hogwart friends in his room Harry
meets Dobby the house-elf who warns him
of apparel that will take shape if he
returns to Hogwarts and reveals he
intercepted his friends letters and
destroys a cake the Dursleys lock Harry
up but Ron Weasley and his brothers Fred
and George Weasley rescue him in their
father's flying car while purchasing
school supplies Harry and the Weasley
family encounter Rubeus Hagrid and
Hermione Granger and they attend a book
signing by celebrity wizard Gilderoy
Lockhart who announces that he will be
the new Defense Against the Dark Arts
teacher during a small confrontation
with Draco Malfoy Harry meets Malfoy
father
Lucius who discreetly slips a book in
Ginny Weasley's belongings when Harry
and Ron are blocked from entering
platform 9 and 3/4 they fly to Hogwarts
in the flying car crashing into the
whomping willow upon arrival
Ron's wand is damaged in the car eject
them before driving off both boys and
airily avoid expulsion when Professor
McGonagall gives them detention while
serving detention with Lockhart
Harry hear strange voices and later
finds caretaker Argus Filch's cat
petrified along with a message written
in blood announcing the Chamber of
Secrets has been opened
McGonigle explains that one of Hogwarts
is founders Salazar Slytherin supposedly
constructed a secret chamber and placed
a monster that only his heir can control
inside it to purge the school of in pure
blooded wizards and witches Harry and
Ron suspect Malfoy is the heir so
Hermione suggests that the question in
well disguised using Polyjuice potion to
utilize a disused bathroom haunted by a
ghost Moaning Myrtle as their makeshift
laboratory to brew the potion when Harry
communicates with a snake the school
believes he is the heir on Christmas Day
Harry and Ron learned that Malfoy is not
the heir but he mentions that a girl
died when the chamber was last opened 50
years ago Harry finds an enchanted diary
owned by a former student named Tom
Marvolo riddle which shows him a
flashback to 50 years before who our
riddle accused Hagrid than a student of
opening the chamber when the Diary is
stolen and Hermione is petrified
Harry and Ron question Hagrid Professor
Dumbledore Cornelius fudge and Lucius
Malfoy come to take Hagrid to Azkaban
prison but he discreetly tells the boys
to follow this
fighters in the Forbidden Forest Harry
and Ron meet Hagrid's giant pet spider
Aragog who tells them that Hagrid was
innocent and provides them with a small
clue about the Chamber's resident
monster
Aragog then sets his colony of spiders
on the boys but the now wild flying car
saves them a book page in Hermione's
hand identifies the monster as a
basilisk a giant serpent that instantly
kills those that make direct eye contact
with it the petrified victims only saw
it indirectly the school staff learned
that Ginny was taken into the chamber
and convinced Lockhart to save her Harry
and Ron find Lockhart exposed as a fraud
planning to flee knowing Myrtle was the
girl the basilisk killed they take him
to her bathroom and find the chambers
entrance once inside Lockhart uses Ron's
damaged wand against them but it
backfires wiping his memory and causes a
cave-in Harry enters the chamber alone
and finds Ginny unconscious guarded by
Tom riddle riddle reveals that he used
the diary to manipulate Ginny and to
reopen the chamber when riddle creates
the anagram for his future new identity
I am Lord Voldemort from his full name
Harry realizes that riddle himself is
laverne's heir and baltimore was only a
pseudonym after harry express his
support for Dumbledore Dumbledore Fox
flies in with the sorting hat and riddle
summons the basilisk Fox blinds the
basilisk and the sorting hat eventually
produces a sword with which Harry
battles and slays the basilisk but he is
injured by its fangs
Harry defeats riddle and revives Ginny
by stabbing the diary with a basilisk
Fang Fox's tears heal him and he returns
to Hogwarts with his friends and a
baffled Lockhart
Dumbledore praises them and orders for
Hagrid's release Dumbledore shows Harry
the sword he wielded was Godric
Gryffindor his own sword and says he is
different from Baltimore because he
chose Gryffindor house instead of
Slytherin house Harry accuses Lucius
Dhabi's master of planting the diary in
Ginny's cauldron and tricks him into
freeing Dobby the basilisks victims are
healed
Hermione reunites with Harry and Ron and
Hagrid is released from Azkaban
in a post-credits scene Lockhart has
published a new autobiography titled
Who am I
[Music]